README.md, before:

# Advanced Todo App

A feature-rich todo application built with Next.js, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS.

## Features

- 🌓 Dark/Light mode support
- 📱 Fully responsive design
- 🎯 Priority levels for tasks
- 📅 Due dates with calendar picker
- 🏷️ Categories and tags
- 🔍 Search and filter capabilities
- 📊 Statistics dashboard
- 🔄 Drag and drop reordering
- 💾 Local storage persistence
- ⌨️ Keyboard accessibility

## Tech Stack

- Next.js 14
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- Shadcn/ui
- React DnD
- Local Storage for data persistence

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/deepakpatil26/todo-app.git
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
cd todo-app
npm install
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Project Structure

- `/app` - Next.js app directory containing the main pages
- `/components` - Reusable UI components
- `/providers` - React context providers
- `/types` - TypeScript type definitions
- `/utils` - Utility functions

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

Add live demo and deployment instructions to README

README.md, after:

# Advanced Todo App

A feature-rich todo application built with Next.js, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS.

## 🚀 Live Demo

### ✨ [View Live Deployment](https://zqqj9mw1xvfasidn.vercel.app/) ✨

> Experience the app in action on our Vercel deployment!

---

## Features

- 🌓 Dark/Light mode support
- 📱 Fully responsive design
- 🎯 Priority levels for tasks
- 📅 Due dates with calendar picker
- 🏷️ Categories and tags
- 🔍 Search and filter capabilities
- 📊 Statistics dashboard
- 🔄 Drag and drop reordering
- 💾 Local storage persistence
- ⌨️ Keyboard accessibility

## Tech Stack

- Next.js 14
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- Shadcn/ui
- React DnD
- Local Storage for data persistence

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/deepakpatil26/todo-app.git
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
cd todo-app
npm install
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Deployment

We use Vercel for deployment. The app is automatically deployed on every push to the main branch.

### 📦 Deploy Your Own

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fyour-username%2Ftodo-app)

Follow these steps to deploy:
1. Click the "Deploy with Vercel" button above
2. Connect your GitHub repository
3. Configure your deployment settings
4. 🎉 Your app will be live in minutes!

## Project Structure

- `/app` - Next.js app directory containing the main pages
- `/components` - Reusable UI components
- `/providers` - React context providers
- `/types` - TypeScript type definitions
- `/utils` - Utility functions

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
